Add changelog entry for issue #111 (#121)
cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Changed
- The project now uses `goboring/golang` as its base image to be FIPS compliant

> - The authenticator-client now runs with a limited user instead with root 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The authenticator-client now runs as a limited user in the Docker image instead of as root 
```
